clean up prs/issues (#946)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/subgraphs/developing/creating/subgraph-manifest.mdx

There are setters and getters like `setString` and `getString` for all value types.

> > **Note:** Referecing an entity is done via ID in graphQL. That id can be passed into the instantiated data source by setting it in the context and then accessed within the mapping of the template. Example can be found in the [documenation of graph-ts](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/tree/main/packages/ts#api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Referencing an entity is done via ID in GraphQL. That ID can be passed into the instantiated data source by setting it in the context and then accessed within the mapping of the template. An example can be found in the [documentation of `graph-ts`](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/tree/main/packages/ts#api).
```
